---
title: "Quick Update"
categories:
  - data science 
  - programming
  - R
  - update
description: |
  Quick update on my progress.
author:
  - name: Danielle Brantley
    url: https://gist.github.com/danielle-b
date: 05-28-2020
output:
  distill::distill_article:
    self_contained: false
---

```{r setup, include=FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = FALSE)
```

It’s been a while since my last post so I wanted to give you a quick update as to what I’ve been up to. Since this whole quarantine my productivity has slowed significantly but I’m taking it one day at a time. I’m working on a few things outside of DataQuest of course.

For one, I’m still on the job hunt. I’ve been working on my resume, LinkedIn profile and trying to attend as many virtual meetups as possible in an effort to network.

As I mentioned in my last post, I’ve have really become interested in Statistics as of late. I saved some e-books I found on Stats, particularly those that focus on R. I’m also reading of Naked Statistics by Charles Wheelan. I also found a course on Coursera called Statistics in R that I plan on taking in the future.

I also mentioned that I enrolled in Udacity’s Marketing Analytics Nanodegree. Since then I switched from the Marketing Analytics Nanodegree to the Predictive Analytics Nanodegree. This nanodegree is very challenging though. For one, I do not have the Alteryx software that this course relies heavily on. I could do the projects in Excel (I did the first project in Excel) however, I decided to try to complete the projects using R. This poses a challenge for me as I’m still new to R but it’s a challenge I’m willing to take on. Nonetheless, I’m finding that the topics I’m learning in the Predictive Analytics course falls more in line with my interests. So far I’ve learned about different models: linear regression, multiple linear regression, classification models like logistic regression, decision trees, random forest model and the boosted model. Right now I’m on the A/B Test module which I’m super excited about. I attended the R Ladies Philly virtual meetup where the speaker, Elea McDonnell, discussed A/B Testing in R so I’m especially interested in implementing what I learned in that meetup in my project. The course also includes lessons in SQL and Tableau which I’m also completing.

I’ve been listening to podcasts and audiobooks. For audiobooks, I’m listening to Bad Blood by John Carreyrou. For podcasts, I’m listening to Naked Beauty Podcast, Techish, Towards Data Science and All the Smoke to name a few. Another book I’m reading is Algorithms of Oppression by Safiya Noble. I recently purchased the kindle version of Data Feminism by Catherine D’Ignazio and Lauren F. Klein.

I’m very excited about what I’ve been working on and I can’t wait to show you the Udacity projects. That’s all I’ll say for now! Until next time…

